=head1 Missions

=head2 First mission arc

    Some tutorial trading missions

=head2 Follow the White Rabbit

    Find the hidden/unknown "rabbit" wormhole
	You start in The Known Universe, with bridled wormholes and a complete map
	The rabbit wormhole might be guarded by The Church/The Guild
	The rabbit wormhole might be unbridled, but you need technology to find/access it (a bridle)
	The Church/Guild/a dropout gives you the plans/task to find the rabbit wormhole

=head2 Jade Empire Twist

    You are the hailed savior
    Except that your teacher has been pulling all the strings to bring about the downfall

=head2 Empathy With The Devil

  Have a "villain" that has reasons for their doing. Make the player feel empathy.    

=head1 Special areas

=head2 The Closed Kingdom

           c-d
          /\ /\
       a-b -h- e
          \/ \/
           g-f
         
C<a> or C<h> is the (guarded) single gateway world to the rest of the universe
    
This might be a good starting scenario for Follow the White Rabbit.

=head1 Factions

    The Church
    The Navigators Guild
    The Merchants Guild
    The Lawkeepers 
    The Nobles (left faction)
    The Nobles (right faction) 
    The Pirates/Outlaws/Outcasts
    The Miners
    
=head1 Musings

=head2 Campbell Hero Archetype

=over 4

=item 1

The hero is forced to leave home through some tragedy

=item 2

Forced to survive trials to gain powers and friends

=item 3

Returns home to set right what was destroyed originally

=item 4

Ascends to enlightenment.

=back

L<http://hellforge.gameriot.com/blogs/Hellforge/Bioware-RPG-Cliche-Chart>

In any event, the "intro, four planets, finale" structure is something we have used often for a few simple reasons:

1) It's easy. It's not as easy as making the player do everything in order,
but you can generally just treat each area separately except for a few
variables, which makes logic-testing and QA work a ton easier. What
happens on Feros stays on Feros. BioWare knows how to make these games, make
them solid and workable, and ship them -- and if need be, we can always cut
areas, which sucks, but we can do it if need be. Some structures don't allow
for that, which is why you end up with games where it's clear that the devs
ran out of time or money at some point.

2) Players can understand it. In usability tests on one project, we learned
that players with more than four things to do at a time in any given area will
feel frustrated -- they get overwhelmed and have no idea what to do first and
get the names mixed up. So you don't dump twenty small planets on the player
all at once. You hit them with a few big things that they can understand:
"Go to Feros." And then once they're there, they unlock several different
things to do that don't compete with the rest of the universe, because right
now you're on Feros. "Kill Varren." "Get Power Cells." "Turn on Water Valves."
"Go to ExoGeni." (And we even cheat a bit by giving you missions, which are
big and obvious, and assignments, which we tell you are less important.)

In testing out our missions for ME2, the single biggest lump of story feedback
we've gotten has boiled down to Information Flow. When a mission feels clunky,
nine times out of ten it's because we either told the player way too much all
at once and expected the player to keep it all straight, or we didn't actually
tell the player enough and so the player is kind of lost. Dividing up our game
into four or five large worlds allows us to control information a bit better.

(And to be clear, that four-worlds-and-out thing is a simplification that
ignores major critpath events and makes it sound like you only visit four
big areas in KotOR, which flat-out isn't true.)